Welcome to TWOW 20A! 
To anybody who doesn't know what
Ten Words of Wisdom is, just go watch TWOW 0A, link in the description.
Want to skip announcements, confessionals, XXXX and XXXXX? Skip to _____.
So if you're all caught up on TWOW, Are you bitter that there was a 24-day gap between TWOW episodes?
That means you're TWOW-bitter. TWOW... bitter? That's right, I've got a twitter!
Uh, go "follow" me at the link in the description. Is that what twitterers say? I think it is.
Speaking of Twitter accounts, former TWOWers Hazel Cricket and Juhmatok both have Twitter acounts
you should also follow. Warning: Juhmatok's twitter "exposes" people a lot, so it might contain
non-kid-friendly language.
Also, do you know about that place where you can chat with other people live about Ten Words of Wisdom,
Battle for Dream Island, and anything else? Well, if you go there, you can also find a link to help
count IDFB votes! You might have to ask around a bit to find the vote counter though.
Back to TWOW matters.
Here's a list of our final seven TWOWers. To early viewers in the USA,
it's Thursday, so that means we should be celebrating theMightyMidge today!
And yes, I know, it would be so much cooler if sunny Meester Tweester had Sunday
and moony Midnight Light had Monday, but hey... I didn't determine how the TWOWers
would rank, they did!
So here's some things I forgot to mention last time.
Tak Ajnin was the first TWOWer to be eliminated with a score above 50%,
beating GreenTree's 49.89% as the highest percentile to be eliminated at.
Being eliminated while above average might
seem like an impossible occurence, but everybody's double or triple response
prizes make that not so unlikely, actually.
And then also, 5 out of 8 extra responses placed below the elimination threshold
in TWOW 19, which is unusually high.
Next, I gotta mention that Spicyman33 has this playlist of all pieces used in the background of TWOW
videos. And... it just reminds me how many TWOW episodes I've had to 
Go check it out!
Also, remember how I wondered how many words I said in TWOW 19B?
Well in an act of pure TWOWtermination, OlliKnot transcribed all of TWOW 19B to get the total
word count! It's 2,180, more than twice my prediction of 1,000. I wonder how this episode compares
to that... JUST KIDDING you don't have to tally that one!
(juhmatok twitter)
(my twitter)
(gabe's ad)
(OlliKnot 19B transcript)
[Meester's picture on Discord DMs]
Last episode's prompt was the most advertiser-esque prompt so far:
"What rank should voters give your entry?"
Over the course of four days, I received 15 shameless plugs... I mean entries,
which were carefully crafted by seven final TWOWers. 
But before we get to those entries, we gotta listen each TWOWer's confessional.
JoHo still will lay way low though.
As lads wheeze, He's done, confess less.
That means no confessional.
Meester Tweester wanted me to add these Halloween glasses to his book, but sadly, due to delays,
Halloween has passed. And I ain't acting as your fill bucket tool! You know what, if you
ask for MY service, you're gonna get MY service. There.
In his confessional, MT said
hi Sean
Everyone, sing Puttin' on the Ritz to Spicyman33!
Especially the version one sung by Taco. Taco the 1980's musician, not the I.I. character.
which... I guess you can do if you really want to. Meester also acknowledged astigmatify
and Vincent Sin for solving his cryptography puzzle, which he explained the solution to.
Finally, he said thanks to recently eliminated Tak Ajnin.
Oh, and one last thinng for Meester... he wanted to show you this.
Next, Midnight Light darkened her book a bit to match the Halloween theme. But, promptly
speaking, wouldn't that have fit better last episode? Anyway, the spooky version of
Midnight would like to say the following:
Hi everyone, Midnight here again! I can't believe
it's nearly been a year since TWOW started, and I'd really like to thank everyone watching and the whole Discord community for making the experience feel so worthwhile and wholesome. I'd also like to especially thank Juhmatok for being so supportive and just in general such a great friend. And again, good luck to everyone still in! <3
Yeah, Juhmatok's a preatty cool twowlumnus. And, you now know how to get featured on her Twitter, so yay.
Up next is Ping Pong Cup Shots, who had a punderful confessional:
It’s very taxing to see Tak go. He tackled each prompt really well. Unfortunately, the attack
of voters gets to us all eventually. As a rule of thumb, Tak was always at the top of the stack
of TWOWers. Goodbye to our former frontrunner, Tak Ajnin.
Also on a side note, I want everyone to know that I have been 101% reliant on luck to get this far. I've definitely had well 
ore lucky and coincidental moments than I probably deserved. However, I do feel as if my luck will have to come to an end eventually, I guess we'll just see!
While PPCs didn't change his appearnace, Spicyman33 did. To this. And no, Spicy, you don't get to revert utnil TWOW 21!
But viewers, if you want context, Spicy's precious confessional was this:
As for confessionals: "I have temporarily changed my form in honor of Ollism. Because...why not. Take that, Midnight. We know who's the real devoted one. Also shout out to WhaiJay, Lpcarver, Anonyman, Plutoniumcube, WorldanGo, FilliMilly, lifeofchrome, and #cherrydot. TWOW has been an awesome experience, good luck to my other 6 competitors! If I go out this episode, I can safely say I have no regrets.
TheMightyMidge. At first, I couldn't understand what you wanted in your confessional. But I think you wanted this:
"For Tak"
-music-
by the way the TWOWs were added in there to avoid copyright strikes. I hope it worked.
Finally, good ol Yessoan had this very announcery-confessional to shout in your faces!
Heeeeyyyyyyyy everyone! TWOW is getting pretty close, realistically its anyone's game! Who will triumph? Who will be the next to go? Who is the best at Mario Party?
Only time will tell, as we play... TEN WORDS OF WISDOM, FINAL 7 EDITION! (except that last question, the answer is me, obviously)
Now we're done with confessionals. This is TWOW 20... so what was the 20th TWOW prompt?
"What should voters rank your entry?"  I'll just let two versions of past me explain how you voters should vote.
[blah]
[blah]
Time to show the fifteen TWOW 20 responses! As I show you the voting image, former TWOW Riley is going to sing
her cover of "Everyway That I can." I hope you enjoy!
So yes, that's it. Soon, the votes will be tallied and used to determine which 6 TWOWers will survive and
which single TWOWer will die.
Before we get to TWOW 20A fan art time, I'd just like to say bye. Bye.
*fan art*